.avau, LVLUIILLLU b, MIDI L; WUUIUI l I; UU 7:1, 1041"“, IGLU auu. VVD DLLUWUJA Iv

)ms. Oh, do let us go in a caravan.’

Mrs. Russell shook her head.“ I know it sounds lovely, darling; but
3 we to get a caravan? It would cost at least ﬁfty pounds to buy one,
an if we had one, Daddy couldn’t get away this summer. No, we 1
1ke up our minds to do without a holiday this year; but I’ll tell you wha

11 do: we’ll all go to Southend for the day, as we did last year, and
r lunch and tea with us and have a splendid picnic.”

“ Then we can bathe again,” said Bob; “ but, oh! I do wish I could ha
my and ride,” he added unexpectedly.“ You don’ t know how I longi
ny,” he continued, sighing deeply as he remembered the blissful holi
1en a friend let him share his little Dartmoor pony and ride occasional]
“ Southend is nothing but houses and pe0ple,” cried Phyllis; “ it’s no b1
an this place; and oh! Mummie, I do so long for ﬁelds and ﬂowers
.imals,” she added piteously; and she shook her long brown hair fon
hide the tears in her eyes.

“ Never mind, darling, you shall have them one day,” answered 1
1sse11 with easy vagueness.

This really was not very comforting, and it was the most fortunate thing
st at that moment a car stopped at the door.

“ Uncle Edward! ” shouted Bob, rushing from the room. Phyllis bru
e tears so hastily from her eyes that she arrived at the front door almo
on as he did, and both ﬂung themselves on the tall, kindly-looking man st.
g beside. the car.

“ Uncle Edward! Uncle Edward!” they cried. “ You’ve come at
‘e’ve been longing to see you. Oh, how glad we are you’re here 1 ”
Now the delightful thing was that their uncle seemed just as pleased t<
em as they were to see him, and returned their hugs and greetings witl
most cordiality. They were just on the point of dragging him into
>use, hanging one on each arm, when he said: “ Stop, not so fast. Then
me things to fetch in from the car.” 3

So saying he began diving into the back of it and bringing out, not 01
itcase, but various parcels, which he handed out one by one.

“ Tknf’n {'Ina no1r n? nk1nlrpnc T’tm krnnn-wa rnr vnnrmnflqar ” on A L... L-..